DOC Update sponsor page: reorganize sponsors and add BNP Paribas Group (#32642)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/about.rst

  .. div:: text-box

    `:probabl. <https://probabl.ai>`_ is managing the whole sponsorship program
    and employs full-time core maintainers such as Adrin Jalali, Arturo Amor,
    François Goupil, Guillaume Lemaitre, Jérémie du Boisberranger, Loïc Estève,
    Olivier Grisel, and Stefanie Senger.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/probabl.png
      :target: https://probabl.ai
      :width: 40%

..........

Active Sponsors
================

Founding sponsors

> ----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Founding sponsors
-----------------
```

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `Inria <https://www.inria.fr>`_ supports scikit-learn through their
    sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/inria-logo.jpg
      :target: https://www.inria.fr

..........

Gold sponsors
-------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `Chanel <https://www.chanel.com>`_ supports scikit-learn through their
    sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/chanel.png
      :target: https://www.chanel.com

..........

Silver sponsors
----------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `BNP Paribas Group <https://group.bnpparibas/>`_ supports scikit-learn
    through their sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/bnp-paribas.png
      :target: https://group.bnpparibas/

..........

Bronze sponsors

> ----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bronze sponsors
---------------
```

  .. div:: text-box

    `:probabl. <https://probabl.ai>`_ is managing the whole sponsorship program

>     and employs full-time core maintainers such as Adrin Jalali, Arturo Amor,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    and employs the full-time core maintainers Adrin Jalali, Arturo Amor,
```
small nit. I think this list is exhaustive (includes everyone) so we don't need 'such as'.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/probabl.png
      :target: https://probabl.ai
      :width: 40%

..........

Active Sponsors
===============

Founding sponsors
-----------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `Inria <https://www.inria.fr>`_ supports scikit-learn through their
    sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/inria-logo.jpg
      :target: https://www.inria.fr

..........

Gold sponsors
-------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `Chanel <https://www.chanel.com>`_ supports scikit-learn through their
    sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/chanel.png
      :target: https://www.chanel.com

..........

Silver sponsors
---------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `BNP Paribas Group <https://group.bnpparibas/>`_ supports scikit-learn
    through their sponsorship.

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/bnp-paribas.jpg
      :target: https://group.bnpparibas/

..........

Bronze sponsors
---------------

.. div:: sk-text-image-grid-small

  .. div:: text-box

    `NVIDIA <https://nvidia.com>`_ supports scikit-learn through their

>     sponsorship.

Author: ```suggestion
    `NVIDIA <https://nvidia.com>`_ supports scikit-learn through their sponsorship and employs full-time core maintainer Tim Head. 
```

  .. div:: image-box

    .. image:: images/nvidia.png
      :target: https://nvidia.com

..........

Other contributions
-------------------

.. |chanel| image:: images/chanel.png
  :target: https://www.chanel.com

.. |axa| image:: images/axa.png
  :target: https://www.axa.fr/

.. |bnp| image:: images/bnp.png
  :target: https://www.bnpparibascardif.com/

.. |bnpparibasgroup| image:: images/bnp-paribas.jpg
  :target: https://group.bnpparibas/

.. |dataiku| image:: images/dataiku.png
  :target: https://www.dataiku.com/

.. |nvidia| image:: images/nvidia.png
  :target: https://www.nvidia.com

.. |inria| image:: images/inria-logo.jpg
  :target: https://www.inria.fr

.. raw:: html

  <style>
    table.image-subtable tr {
      border-color: transparent;
    }

    table.image-subtable td {
      width: 50%;
      vertical-align: middle;
      text-align: center;
    }

    table.image-subtable td img {
      max-height: 40px !important;
      max-width: 90% !important;
    }
  </style>

* `Microsoft <https://microsoft.com/>`_ funds Andreas Müller since 2020.

> * `NVidia <https://nvidia.com>`_ funds Tim Head since 2022.

Author: Good idea.
```suggestion
```

Official scikit-learn swag is available for purchase at the `NumFOCUS online store
<https://numfocus.myspreadshop.com/scikit-learn+logo?idea=6335cad48f3f5268f5f42559>`_.
A portion of the proceeds from each sale goes to support the scikit-learn project.

.. raw:: html

  <script>
    // Make all external links on the about page open in a new tab
    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
      const aboutSection = document.getElementById('about');
      if (aboutSection) {
        const links = aboutSection.querySelectorAll('a[href^="http"]');
        links.forEach(function(link) {
          // Skip links that already have target attribute
          if (!link.hasAttribute('target')) {
            link.setAttribute('target', '_blank');
            link.setAttribute('rel', 'noopener noreferrer');
          }
        });
      }

>       // Also handle links anywhere on the page if on about.html

Reviewer 2: What does 'handle links' mean?

      if (window.location.pathname.includes('about.html')) {
        const allExternalLinks = document.querySelectorAll('a[href^="http"]');
        allExternalLinks.forEach(function(link) {
          if (!link.hasAttribute('target')) {
            link.setAttribute('target', '_blank');
            link.setAttribute('rel', 'noopener noreferrer');
          }
        });
      }
    });

>   </script>

Author: ```suggestion
```

Official scikit-learn swag is available for purchase at the `NumFOCUS online store
<https://numfocus.myspreadshop.com/scikit-learn+logo?idea=6335cad48f3f5268f5f42559>`_.
A portion of the proceeds from each sale goes to support the scikit-learn project.

> .. raw:: html

Author: I remove it it is a leftover from early suggestions I guess. 
```suggestion
```
